J_Angielski
  
  Subject: Wellness and illness.
    
  Subject: Past perfect
    
    1. Arrived; had already gone 
    2. have never been
    3. invited; had already made 
    4. started; hasn't stopped
    5. went 
    6. enjoyed ; I hadn't been 
    7. met 
    8. spent; had never gone 
    9. has had
    10. has owned 

    1. I had tried to make origami figures before I joined the class 
    2. By the time we gave a performance, we had rehearsed many times in the shool gym 
    3. By the time i learned to read, I had already turned 6.
    
      Before leaving shool
    1. That he loves to sing, importance of friends and family, keeping in touch with people, The joy of traveling and learning languance. 
    2. How to survive by himself.
    3. Inportance of education
    4. How to work as team and on your own 
      After 
    1. How to sing, and other singing related skills 
    2. he run several marathon 
    3. Speaking french 
    4. learn how to play a piano

  Subject: Goin' to the doctor
    
  Subject: A reader's comment 
    
    z. 11 str 115 
      
      Thank you for writting this article, it really made me reflect on the subject but personally I think this article is badly crafted.
      Firstly autor of this article only shows the numbers that works good with his personal point of view.
      I think that if someone writes on facts, he schould have given all the facts to the reader not only the ones that works for him. 
      Secondly the he shows the problem as somethink new, directly connected to newest generation of people.
      I also think that there's a big problem with how young people are eating but I would prefer if that problem was not shown so offensivly.
      I would strongly advise that people affected by this article would share they're point of view.
      Other than that I strongly advise young people to eat healthier and consider being more active.
  
  Subject: phrasal verbs
    
    1. fed up 
    2. figure out 
    3. catch up 
    4. off sick 
    5. fall behind
    6. fit in
    7. putting down
    8. relly on
    9. get over 
    10. turn up

    story:
      I was off sick last week and after that when I turned up for school I fall behind the rest of my colleages.
      I had to relly on my friends to help me catch up. they haven't help me..... like always.....


  Subject: Unit revision 
    
    1. A 
    2. C 
    3. B 
    4. C 
    5. A 
    6. B 

    1. make another apointment ; had forgotten 
    2. wanted to lay down ; felt dizzy 
    3. a fallen behind ; beat the record 
    4. had he suffered from ; ice rink 
    5. 'd had a cought`
    6. herbal teas ; harm 
    7. pression ; to figure everythink out 
    8. join in ; lose some weight 
    9. Doesn't like to work out ; joined in 
    10. haven't recovered; hip 
    11. air contamination ; car fumes
    12. was allergic to ; added 
    13. pass out ; wasn't 
    14. have he dealt with ; breathe 
    15. haven't talked ; throughake 
