Język Angielski
  
  Subject: I can use language related to job descriptios and types of work.

    z.5
      
      1. Chris
      2. Amy
      3. Marcus
      4. Eva

    zadanie:
      
      I took my friend to work with me on my project but he didn't turn up, so I had to come up with the whole think alone.
      He putted me off from working together with anyone so from this time on,
      I'm always working alone. At least now I don't have to put up with other people.

  Subject: Second Conditional
    
  
    I will enjoy my Christmas, if I have a lot of money. (First conditional)
    I would ejoy my Christmas, If I were having a lot of money. (Second conditional)

    2.
      
      Oliver: Teacher, Oxford
      Ethan: The owner of Apple inc., Australia
      Esme: Music composer, London
      Freya: Life looser / youtuber, From home in America


  Subject: New year resolutions 
    
    1. 2023
      
      Most important people in my life: Me 
      The best thing i got: A lot of money
      My greatest Achievement: Surviving this year 
      The best memory: Being in the Final of 50th Turniej O Puchar Profesora Mariana Wieczystego
      My best idea: Sleeping less to be more exhausted 
      The word of the year: No
      New thinks in my life: Spending money on thinks I don't won't to spend on.
      2023 was: Awfull, Hard, Depresing, Expensive
      
    2. 2024
      
      I hope 2024 will be: Better 
      my goal for this year: Survive 
      smaller goals: Getting Drivers license.
      I definitely say No to: Everyone exept me 
      I can't wait: FOR THIS YEAR TO END. 
      I want to spend more time: sleeping 
      I want to try: A lot of new thinks
      I want to learn: How to make more money 
      I can Help - Human to extinct faster.

  Subject: Listening - gap fill
    
    z.2 
      
      1. Airplane pilot 
      2. She's healphy, with good eye sight. inteligent 
      3. Traveling for free everywhere where she wants
      4. You need to work for 15 years 
      5. You spend a lot of time outside of home. you can't always take your holidays when you want.

    z.3 
      
      1. 95%
      2. University | pilot 
      3. on well
      4. see each other
      5. had children
      

  Subject: Expressing obligation and permisions adjectives.
    

    Z.3
      
      1. Relieved 
      2. Rewarding
      3. Amazing
      4. embarassed
      5. confusing 
      6. bored
      7. satisfying

  Subject: A job application.
   
    9.

      Dear Sir and Madam,

      I'm writting with connection to your advertisement that was posted on Facebook yesterday.
      I would like to apply for the position of cebador in your Yerba mate cafe. I have years of expirence in preparing
      all kinds of Yerba mate and I have previous expirence working with people.
      I attach my CV for more precise informations.
      I'm particulary interested in your company because your extraordinally sales offer is very original and great in all kinds.
      I will be available to start work from January 30th. I can be avaible for interview at any given time. I have listed all my contacts in attached CV.

      I look forward to hearing from you.
      best regards
      Albekier Gabriel


  Subject: Asking for and giving advise.
    

  Subject: Review 6.
    
    z.7
      
      1. 3 years
      2. interpreter 
      3. become a jockey
      4. in the race
      5. be succesful

    zadanie:  
      
      1. well paid job : wouldn't be looking for 
      2. would your mother do : of paid holiday 
      3. did get fired : would be jobless 
      4. If he knew : would work for
      5. If I were you : raise 
      6. had to work night shifts 
      7. were selfemployed : work inside  
      8. work overtime : flexible hours 
      9. Taxi drivers have to know
      10. don't have to work 
      11. to take some days off 
      12. can't be late for work : put up with 
      13. If you was : would work from home
      14. challanging : exhausting 
      15. resigned : had to work long hours 

  Subject: Ustne zadania maturalne.
    

